Gwenevere Abriel: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Okay. Yeah, everything's working
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I really want to make sure we get to our today working on that nasty little shame issue are yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it happening right now. Are you like
Cynthia We: Really totally
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, gosh. Oh, Cindy.
Let's just bring it together.
Let's just be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice nourishing broth speed. Okay, now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to that greenhouse together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some allow your imaginations bring you there. The warmth that comes from being in that greenhouse
Gwenevere Abriel: The vibrant colors.
Gwenevere Abriel: From the plants.
Gwenevere Abriel: The smells that come to your awareness of being in there and even smelling the warmth can even bring it
Consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then nothing negative can get in
Only what you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: What fuels nourishes the soul.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have that breath go
Gwenevere Abriel: Deep into the lungs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your posture direct allow that air into the lungs as possible just breathing it in nice and deep
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice whatever negative things that they're far and and distance use that distancing metaphor and sort of habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of distancing further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's just a little speck
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you notice a more relaxed body if the muscles start to be less tense as negativity gets further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be a worry
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be a negative memory or image, I'd be a statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just again and again as they pop up just putting them.
Gwenevere Abriel: On that distance metaphor. Not sure what yours was whether it was river or a balloon that floats away just have it go further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: continue paying attention to your body, remembering that yet will message to stress before don't even have a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on that leaf on the river. Just have it floating away whatever the negativity.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I can safely pick it up and explore together. But for now, it's not urgent might be important that we don't have to have a nearby right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then find yourself on the shore of the river, the river bank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: Of right Jim Shauna since value and air right just be present with those qualities over there on the side. This is what you're left with is all of the amazing feeling of strength and calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: riverbank you can have the thought, I am handling this
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body and see if there's still a great deal of charge anywhere. See if there's a more relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what's going on with you. I
Feel much better. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Take time to clear out the nose and
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Cynthia We: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my idea for today.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a trigger that happened in your real life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all we need.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we can work with that today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to do some of the desensitization want to do some of the positive weeding out of positive figures and positive cognition and let's get to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put this behind you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it brings up stress. If you really don't want to let it go. If you really, really want to hold on to shame. You've known it so long, don't I do, but you may
Gwenevere Abriel: You you've gotten so intimate with it for so long. You may not want to let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's okay too in here. It's just fine.
Cynthia We: I feel like I don't have any other way to react, even though I believe that you taught me some skills I it's so automatic and that's right I even can can see it happening and
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna win. Let's work on it today. Let's not waste.
Cynthia We: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get into it.
Cynthia We: So why don't know what happened, or do you care.
Cynthia We: Oh care. Absolutely. Well, I mean,
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: What it was
Cynthia We: Or not right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's do the work. Work looks a little different than feeling someone here you
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is really specific work. We're going to do the MTR. It's a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do. Are you willing to do some of the MTR today.
Cynthia We: Oh, I'd love to. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gorgeous. So I hope you know I care a day.
Cynthia We: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Cynthia We: I just meant like for this, for this particular like you need. Do you want the information right now or do you even need to know it, or
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't even
Cynthia We: I just need to remember it. When we're doing the most right
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll take care of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Cynthia We: Very typical of what what happens in
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so good. Take a deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be aware that I don't know if you refer to me as Gwen therapist or one of your how you think about me but Gwen Gwen is here and she's going to guide me
She's going to help me working through this chain.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see how true that is for you is that here today. Mm hmm. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel that too. I feel like I've got a real plan. I know, I know what we're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are on a laptop. Mm hmm. Okay. I'd like to have it so that your face is right in the center and see how mine is in the center because when you do these bilateral movements, you're going to be looking at the left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this blue light. And I want you to have the full nice
Cynthia We: Let me relocate our coffee cup.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How activated carbon from zero to 100 right now.
Cynthia We: Um, I was probably at a 75 when I came
Cynthia We: And I'm like, I think I calm down and probably at a 40 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a great place to actually work is right there at a 40 you like you can still think right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got some right. You can even say
Gwenevere Abriel: What a shame is automatic. Man, I wish it was this other thing. But there it is again you can sort of say that's true. You can almost have a tiny bit of distance from that truth so you're able to use for that prefrontal cortex, you're not completely
Gwenevere Abriel: In the emotion. You can use all of the different parts of your brain 40s, a nice place to work. If it starts to go really, really high, you can always just kind of do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've said to me once, I wouldn't dare or something like that, interrupting yeah do dare dare as many times as you want to, I want you to be my most difficult client. Don't be my easiest client. Don't be
Cynthia We: A good
Cynthia We: Client Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to rob yourself of treatment. Okay, be a pain in the ass be defiant be resistant. I, I just need you to pay attention to what comes up and not worry about
Gwenevere Abriel: What I think. Okay, catch it as fast as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can name it if you catch it. Oh, I just started thinking about, we think about me. We can say it out loud. That's great. If you want to skip that part and just say your next truth that's fine too. Got to be really mindful of that. Okay. A lot of you guys do that you you do that thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're social people we care about what people think of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Cynthia We: The attics would be so that would care so much about what somebody thinks it's
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right that judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so we're going to get into this, I'm going to share my screen with you. And again, you can say stop. You can put your hands up like this, you can always just get up and walk out of the room. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can also beckoned me on. Sometimes my iterations are too slow. And you're working through something something important is maybe coming from the unconscious
Gwenevere Abriel: From in from the hippocampus right it's getting pulled up and you want a little more time. You can do this because they're probably going to last about I think you liked think it was 20 seconds.
Cynthia We: Yeah, you can do it a little bit longer like 30 seconds. Maybe. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three and make
Gwenevere Abriel: It make them, but it may feel really long. And so just, just give me something. What do you think you'll do this or this. What would you like to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me pause up
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hope to see it a lot of times, my eyes are at the bottom and I'm looking at time, but I hope to see it. So get the positive and the screen so I can see him, but if you want more. What will you do to show me one more.
Cynthia We: This is a little weird but
You want to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I can't see your hand.
Cynthia We: That's all I guess that's or I'll just say more. Can I just say more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or she can also
Gwenevere Abriel: Delete. Your turn. The screen. So I just see. I don't need information from the top of your head. I'm interested more in your body. So as little of okay now sit back
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's better. Now I'll see a little bit. A little bit more subtle stuff a little bit of a great. Okay. Alright. So let me just see what
Cynthia We: Except, then you can see my nightstand and all this shit that's on top of it, which is upsetting me. Okay. Well, we had, we can start
Gwenevere Abriel: There. So what does that say about you that you
Cynthia We: Know, well, I'll just put my purse. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not she use it as our
Cynthia We: Call you
Cynthia We: It says that I'm a slob. And that I don't have my shit together and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, call that I'm a slob.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have my shit together. How old is that
Cynthia We: I'm
Like
Ancient Yeah, what's the
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, the age or maybe the most intense time where that was true really comes to mind.
Cynthia We: Well, I think it's like currently it's really currently it's really a problem.
Cynthia We: I don't think my mom and dad were so much worried about that, but I think my husband really
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do this. That part I'll do the analysis for you today. You get a break. You don't have to do the analysis, you just get to just relax into whatever's coming up for you.
Cynthia We: What I mean is that I don't think that I've always been so disorganized and I've always felt this way. I think it's more of them on a new feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Cynthia We: When it's done. Yeah. When
Cynthia We: The mess and you don't have your shit together. That's like a newer thing it's
Gwenevere Abriel: So noisy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years recent years. Yeah, see if you can find the most intense time where that was true.
Like know
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that that's the case up. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Now, or I'm
Cynthia We: Tell me, within the last
Cynthia We: Probably the last 10 years
Cynthia We: Five years
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what constitutes. This is ancient
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: No, I think I misspoke when I said that because I don't believe that it was always case.
Cynthia We: So it's not very ancient it's more of a
Cynthia We: Recent feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no more intense awareness of not great. I don't have my shit together. There's no more intense time than today.
Know,
Cynthia We: When the kids were babies.
Cynthia We: I felt really
Gwenevere Abriel: How old are you,
Cynthia We: 3030 3837
Cynthia We: Yeah. There was one time when I really, really didn't have my shit together even more than I don't know so that that would be like 3737 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion that goes with that memory that just passed through your awareness, your consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the belief about yourself. One more time. What is it,
Cynthia We: I'm, I'm, I'm, I don't have my shit together and I'm
Cynthia We: A loser.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what would you like to be thinking about yourself.
Cynthia We: I would like to be thinking that I'm just a human, trying to figure it out. And that it's okay. I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how true is the MLK from one to seven, it's
Cynthia We: Never true. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now it's not it's not it's not true at all.
Cynthia We: Intellectually, I know I should be okay. But I don't feel okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So, it said, uh,
Cynthia We: Yeah, like a to
Gwenevere Abriel: A to
Cynthia We: I don't want to kill myself. But I'm not feeling very good about myself. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So true it about a two.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it was any lower than that.
Cynthia We: That I want to kill myself. Okay.
Cynthia We: At a one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's pretty close.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a pretty negative thing you're feeling about yourself.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how distress from zero to 100. Are you right now.
Cynthia We: I'm, I'm, like, at a 16 oh
Cynthia We: Maybe 15
Cynthia We: Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, of course I went up a little bit. Without awareness.
Cynthia We: A little bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little bit of more rapid
Gwenevere Abriel: Eye movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's going to feel a little bit more intense. Remember you don't want to strain your eyes don't get too too close. We just want it moving about a shoulder distance, don't get too too close.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is desensitization. This isn't interweaving the positive. So you're going to be sitting with the worst image at 37 horse picture.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a loser.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to concentrate on this light.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together. Inhale, big belly, all the way down to the bottom of that long. And then exhale, it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And gently.
Gwenevere Abriel: turn in to self reflection and awareness just pay attention to what comes up.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I don't really like to think about that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing in your body.
Cynthia We: That I keep stopping breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spend some time breathing bring that air down into the belly way down low, pressing that diaphragm pushing those organs down really, it takes effort to breathe like that. Get it out of the top of the chest, just really push that belly.
Cynthia We: Should even do it. It's so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do the lazy boy pose. Put your paws behind your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of reach those elbows back
Gwenevere Abriel: Now just
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fried fried into the long nice as much as she can. And they're trying to push it low
Gwenevere Abriel: Just paying attention to. Oh, look at me, I'm doing it a little bit more my feel the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel this different kind of positioning
Cynthia We: Different ways, but actually like goes down there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Little baby, let's get that belly just sort of rolling out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if your arms get tired, you can put them on your hips. That's sort of Wonder Woman pose. I know you're seated, but you can certainly do that as well. Kind of hands on hips. When if you wanted to switch it. Same kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your stress level or
Cynthia We: Maybe, maybe back down to a 40. Can I grab a Kleenex again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your quality of those figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective quality nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Or wise of those three for a moment in your imagination. I want you to picture or something you don't like to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe the support and presence of one of those figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe they've got some some useful tips and support or their presence. Who do you want to get support from around this. I don't want to think about them.
Cynthia We: Jim Shaughnessy
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as she thought of him what his face look like
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: Like he's like smirking
Cynthia We: I don't know smirking sorry more but
Cynthia We: He's smiling.
Cynthia We: Kind of chuckling to himself, because he he actually should be my wise figure because he's an alcoholic. That kind of knows everything that I'm thinking and knows the answer.
Cynthia We: Okay alcoholic with with like long term sobriety.
Gwenevere Abriel: One time here. So for now, Jim Shaughnessy is really in the quality of wisdom. Yeah.
Cynthia We: But he's usually the protector, but I think like he's all of the things
Gwenevere Abriel: So be present with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing is kind of smiling face.
Gwenevere Abriel: He has lived experience that you don't have to explain yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to explain yourself to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so much common territory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you in your imagination, tell him why you don't like to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: That image.
Gwenevere Abriel: At 37
Cynthia We: Would you like me to say it out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Cynthia We: Oh, well, I'm
I'm
Cynthia We: Because I was using, and I'm
Cynthia We: I was a mom.
Cynthia We: And the two of those things don't go together.
Cynthia We: In my mind,
Gwenevere Abriel: And where do you think about yourself, what's the I Am.
Cynthia We: I'm a piece of shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now look at Jim's face.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does he do without self appraisal.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, let that sit there
Cynthia We: Whoa know
Gwenevere Abriel: What does he do
Cynthia We: He likes chuckles and
Cynthia We: So the understands. But that's absolutely not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who would understand right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about your nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: On your environment, who would understand
Cynthia We: He totally understands
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's revisit that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to say to him out loud, I'm a piece of shit and tell him why I want you to notice his reaction.
Cynthia We: Because I was using, and I will have a piece of shit because I'm using and I'm a new mom.
Cynthia We: And those two things don't go together and
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this face look like
I'm
Cynthia We: Concerned, and
Cynthia We: Looks concern and
Cynthia We: Like he totally gets it and
Cynthia We: He's a little bit sarcastic and and spunky so like he always would respond in a way that you know doesn't sound nurturing or like he's protecting me from the host
Cynthia We: But, but I feel like
Cynthia We: It's very hard to
Cynthia We: Describe exactly how he
Gwenevere Abriel: See what happens. I'm a piece of shit. I want you to see his face. He looks concerned he gets it.
Cynthia We: Yeah. And he told me no
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that hold that in your awareness, Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm shit he looks at you and says, I understand he looks at you and gets it and then that other piece you're going to go with that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend together.
Gwenevere Abriel: He'll get it down that lower long and then when you're ready, push it.
Gwenevere Abriel: out out out out out out out let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up and let me know what you nurse.
Cynthia We: Oh, he doesn't agree. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does he. What does he say
Cynthia We: Boys.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: You all do shit. We're not proud of but that doesn't make you a bad person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we're gonna go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst piece at 37
Gwenevere Abriel: And he doesn't agree, it doesn't make you a bad person picture his face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Concerned understanding
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale,
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice body, mind, spirit emotion. What do you notice
Cynthia We: I believe him.
Cynthia We: Telling me about the times that he did stupid shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make you feel emotionally that he is telling you stories of how he has done stupid shit.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it makes me feel better MAKES ME FEEL LIKE LATE. Um,
Cynthia We: Well, because I think jump shot us. He's an awesome person. So if he's done terrible things and that he's was so embarrassed about. And that doesn't make him a bad person. And maybe I
Cynthia We: Just didn't see
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're going to go with that. I don't have to be a bad person, because I did these things, pull up that WORST piece at 37 I know it's hard but pull up that worst image and that
Gwenevere Abriel: State statement you just made.
Gwenevere Abriel: Proceed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to what comes up.
Cynthia We: Well, I was worried the whole time that Scott was right outside the door.
Cynthia We: Making noises
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you afraid of
Cynthia We: Was not really able to focus
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your opinion of yourself that you weren't able to focus
Um,
Cynthia We: I think it's okay if we can try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with hold on my self esteem fluffy. Let's go with, I don't have to think I'm a bad person, not the one
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have to even though some shitty things have been done. I don't have a bad person, pull up the worst picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back then, and 37
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale. When you're ready, push it out nice and slow, getting every little bit out
Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice, you don't have to wait for me to invite you more than welcome to just share
Um,
Cynthia We: I'm not really sure. Okay. If I noticed anything. I was kind of proud of myself for thinking about putting plugging my ears because it work and I was able to focus
Gwenevere Abriel: On a cell for
Cynthia We: For coming up with this one of Google solution.
Cynthia We: And maybe I actually
Cynthia We: Solutions, which
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. I pull up that image 37 maybe I can come up with my own solutions.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm proud of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Cynthia We: There are many times in my life that I've come up with solutions and that I don't have to remain stuck in my problem.
Cynthia We: I am resourceful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's go with that. Let's see if I can slow this down a little bit. Hold that I am resourceful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the worst image. Got it. You can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst Picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am resourceful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, pushing it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body, starting with your feet noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sensation and temperature.
Gwenevere Abriel: Texture
Gwenevere Abriel: As it shifts and changes as the clothing, the air needed moving up ankles and calves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving up to the knees and to the thighs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing where your bottom hits the seat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back.
Gwenevere Abriel: And even into the guts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not the diaphragm chest
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing also along the way to hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: For arms and elbows biceps, triceps shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chest noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: living up to his throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you speak do breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice any shifts intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relaxation energy
Gwenevere Abriel: Vibration.
Gwenevere Abriel: As it moves through the mouth and jaw.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up to the ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: cheekbones and into the eye sockets.
The forehead.
The top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: From zero to 100 just checking in on how you're doing, what are we, what are you at
Gwenevere Abriel: And what were some of the thoughts or beliefs, you were having
Cynthia We: That I'm actually not a bad person. I'm a
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a good person. I want you to surround yourself with your
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You're nurturing figure and you're wise figure. Can you get them in your imagination.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to hold the belief
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look at the slight
Gwenevere Abriel: Be surrounded with those quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: converse with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Resource with them and I'm a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you tell me. Talk to me a little bit while it's moving. Tell me what thoughts are coming out and just share them openly while it's moving
Cynthia We: That all three of those people believe that I'm a good person and that I have lots of
Cynthia We: good qualities
And town.
Cynthia We: Skills.
Cynthia We: And they want me to see that in my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Free then breathe into that and they want me to see that in myself read that in
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not trust and all the way down into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find out if that's the truth. You want me to see that in myself.
Cynthia We: Literally
Gwenevere Abriel: Any misgivings any apprehension. They don't want you to see that in yourself.
Cynthia We: No, they're surprised. I don't see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's the most surprised.
Cynthia We: Family
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you curious about why she surprised.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to watch the bilateral movement and I want you to ask her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your question.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can watch the light at the same time.
Cynthia We: So why are you surprised. I don't
Cynthia We: Believe that
Cynthia We: I have no idea what she's saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture her face.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Right.
Sir,
Cynthia We: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: A sense of maybe what our response might be
Cynthia We: Can't seem to wrap my head around it.
Cynthia We: Around
Cynthia We: Somebody might say,
Cynthia We: In response to that.
Cynthia We: It's confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay with it's confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, making sure you get all that air out.
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body and see what still charged
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm confused. Right. That's the last thing you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice what still activated possibly tense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, neck and shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And went to stress level are you at right now.
Cynthia We: Um, maybe 40
Yeah 40
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it one to seven. I'm a good person.
Cynthia We: And maybe a five.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know this is where you got to be really careful not to please. When do you know why it's not a seven or to one of your resources know why.
Cynthia We: Because I'm confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does someone know how to help with confusion.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Wow. Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Cynthia We: He's a journalist and so he would ask all the questions. Okay. Well, the word why
Gwenevere Abriel: How yes we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Only going to weave in Bob right now, I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture. Everything about him, his voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: His face.
Hair
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he has a sense that he tends to have the clothing. He wears
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The sense, very powerful. We have a lot without one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he died. Okay. And, but he didn't know what to do. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so once
Gwenevere Abriel: You can picture him, he wouldn't know what to do. He's here in your imagination. You can picture him.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something about him. You can see and know that he would know what to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he surprised also
Gwenevere Abriel: About your opinion of yourself. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's surprised.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's very surprised.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we can see what he actually says to you,
Gwenevere Abriel: This impression of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder what you might say,
Well, he told me that talented.
From my
Cynthia We: From my writing what I've written about it. He knows
Cynthia We: He knows that I'm
A good person.
Didn't do things.
Intentionally
Cynthia We: There's no indication that I have a bad person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Shaughnessy would like to suggest something
Cynthia We: To it attics
Cynthia We: Go to a meeting.
Meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do my say go
Cynthia We: Go to a meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: people that understand you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I wasn't asking him, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale,
Gwenevere Abriel: quiet, slow rhythm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watching the process.
Gwenevere Abriel: Miss quiet that will happen between us.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Cynthia We: I think that that's always the solution actually
To go to a meeting.
Cynthia We: And probably no matter how long it's been probably that will remain the solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you get there. When you go to a meeting.
Cynthia We: Understanding
People who get me.
Cynthia We: And friends that
Cynthia We: That I haven't seen in a long time.
Cynthia We: But anytime I see them.
Cynthia We: I reminded of that camaraderie.
Cynthia We: You know, you're, you're a deeper with that and then you are with people in your everyday life because they know more about
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're in
Cynthia We: And they know your dark secrets and they don't think you're a bad person.
Cynthia We: They totally get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that understanding to other people.
Cynthia We: Do I
Gwenevere Abriel: Will have done shitty things and they're good people.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture one of them in your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe holding the opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you think about them in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief you have about them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without opinion, be that belief without them.
Cynthia We: That they aren't acting like themselves when they're using. So that is separate from who they are as a person.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go with that pull up that worst image at 37
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take this time at the top of the hour to reflect on some of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Pieces that came up for you.
Cynthia We: I think it's very important that they're separate they're separate things that separate separate
Gwenevere Abriel: Separate as in
Cynthia We: There so that doesn't make you a bad person. Just because you did things in your us
Gwenevere Abriel: As in there, Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's out who can on that she did some shitty things when she was in active addiction. There's the authentic Cindy, who wouldn't do that. And there's the attic to would there. Cindy is a good person. And there's a selfish act that doesn't give a shit. And they're Cindy, there's the
Cynthia We: Two separate entities.
There Sephora.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy.
Cynthia We: It's very interesting that I had to see it from an outside perspective in order to see it.
Cynthia We: You're very smart for being able to pick that out. I'm impressed.
Cynthia We: For being able to like
Cynthia We: Determine that maybe that was the problem that I couldn't see it myself. But it was easier. It
Cynthia We: Worse.
And I didn't do anything. You did all the heavy lifting. Cindy just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's all just this all came from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We didn't know what to do.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another appointment. If you can afford it. I've got that on my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll do what's right for your family. So you tell me what you want to do.
Cynthia We: Well, I would like to come next week on
Cynthia We: The priority for me so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we'll meet it. Close the
Cynthia We: Board for my family. Okay, so
Cynthia We: Well,
Cynthia We: Thank you for
Cynthia We: The monthly alarm you to go to group once a month. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't remember like talk with her about it. Do you remember
Cynthia We: You just I think
Cynthia We: Maybe you had talked with her about it like outside of group because, um, you mentioned that. And then that you were I needed a month supply for reasons that you had talked about. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as long as I got done because all forget who, if it gets kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Confusing. But then if stuff comes up. That's normal. Some of it could be released some of it could be more interesting images and thoughts and irritability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's not a backslide that would be normal. This is intense work we're pulling up all stuff. So don't just reach out to me or go to a meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Be good to you, no matter what.
Cynthia We: All right, you said
That